Add_ freeCodeCampVid bibliography.md (#22)
FragileTech/guide: guide/git_flow/bibliography.md

### GitHub
#### Pull Requests (PR)
```{eval-rst}
.. [quick_rundown_video] 

>    freeCodeCamp Youtube Video to understand basic UI of GitHub

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   FreeCodeCamp YouTube video to understand the basics about the UI of GitHub
```
Please capitalize the start of the sentence (Unless the company is actually called `freeCodeCamp` and the lower "f" is intentional.

Also, let's try to phrase the sentence in a more natural & noob friendly language. You are a native English speaker, so you'll do better than me. 

It would be super nice if you add a few bullet points describing the contents of the video, so people understand a bit better what they will watching when clicking the link.

Author: The "f" is lower case because it is a specific name.

I will add bullet points in the coming week about the video, as I watch it again.
